README.md, before:

# Buffer Components

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bufferapp/buffer-components.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bufferapp/buffer-components)

A shared set of UI Components using React and CSS Modules.

Demo: https://bufferapp.github.io/buffer-components/

To use this in your project start at the [usage](#usage) section. If you'd like to add to this
library skip to [component development](#component-development).

## Usage

Install the package and save the exact version:

```sh
npm install @bufferapp/components -SE
```

Now in your code you can import a specific component:

```js
import Button from '@bufferapp/components/Button';
```

### Requirements

For the component library you're required to use a few plugins and a valid Webpack config.

First, you'll need React installed (0.14 or newer):

```sh
npm i react react-dom -SE
```

In addition to your Babel configuration (not documented), you'll need the style-loader Webpack plugin:

```sh
npm i style-loader -SDE
```

Your Webpack config should use the proper config, here is an example:

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    loaders: [
      {
        test: /\.css$/,
        loaders: [
          'style-loader',
        ],
      },
    ],
  },
};
```


## Component Development

- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Test](#test)
- [Component Anatomy](#component-anatomy)
- [FAQ](#faq)

## Quick Start

Install Node Modules

```sh
npm i
```

Start React Storybook

```sh
npm start
```

Open http://localhost:9001

## Test

Run Linter And Test

```sh
npm run test
```

Run Test and watch for changes

```sh
npm run test-watch
```

Update Test Snapshots

```sh
npm run test-update
```

Note: only commit these if you have manually inspected them with a story

## Component Anatomy

```
src/ # root
+-- MyComponent/ # component root
  `-- index.js # component display logic
  `-- story.js # storybook entry
```

## Versioning

```
major.minor.patch
```

### Considered patch release

Can upgrade without changes to the codebase

- Add a component
- Add a new prop to a component

### Considered minor release

An upgrade would require a code change to work

- Remove a component
- Remove a prop

### Considered major release

- Major milestone achieved (i.e a complete set of components)
- Complete re-skinning of components
- Up for debate

## FAQ

**What is a component**

In the current implementation components are all [functional and stateless](https://medium.com/@housecor/react-stateless-functional-components-nine-wins-you-might-have-overlooked-997b0d933dbc#.ukhlhrqlw).

This means that UI is a function of state since we're using pure functions to build our views.

```
UI = f(state)
```

**How do I determine the scope of a component**

This is a tough question, it really depends. But as a general rule, a component should be simple enough to be reusable across multiple applications and be not much longer than 150 lines of code. This is a good one to seek advice if you're not sure.

**What's the development workflow look like?**

Note: this is *a way* to do this, but not necessarily *the way* to build components. For this workflow let's create a component called `NewComponent`.

1. Create a branch with the name of the new component

Note: also make sure you're up to date

```
git checkout master
git pull -r
git checkout -b task/add-newcomponent
```

2. Install dependencies and start the storybook

```
npm i && npm start
```

open http://localhost:9001 in your browser

3. Create a `NewComponent` folder under `src` (see [Component Anatomy](#component-anatomy))
```
src/
+-- NewComponent/
```

4. Create a story for the `NewComponent`

```
src/
+-- NewComponent/
 `-- story.js
```

populate **story.js** with a default story

```js
// story.js
import React from 'react';
import { storiesOf } from '@storybook/react';
import NewComponent from './index';

storiesOf('Card')
  .add('Default', () => (
    <NewComponent />
  ));
```

Now when you look at Storybook you should see a broken story (red screen)

5. Implement your component

```
src/
+-- NewComponent/
 `-- story.js
 `-- index.js
```

populate **index.js** with the new component

```js
import React from 'react';
import { calculateStyles } from '../lib/utils';

const NewComponent = ({ hovered }) =>
  <div
    style={calculateStyles({
      default:{
        background: 'green',
      },
      hovered: {
        background: 'red',
      }
    },{
      hovered, // key matches above style key and is activated when value is true
    })}
  >
    NewComponent
  </div>;

export default NewComponent;
```

6. Run the test for the first time

It's important to note that this creates a snapshot of the component. All tests ran in the future will be tested against this snapshot to ensure they haven't changed.

```sh
npm t
```

7. Commit it!

```sh
git add .
git commit -m "Add NewComponent"
git push -u origin task/add-newcomponent
```

At this point it's a good idea to generate a PR on github :)

**How do I write tests for a component?**

This automatically happens when you write stories. They are tested with jest snapshots under the hood.

Since components are [functional and stateless](https://medium.com/@housecor/react-stateless-functional-components-nine-wins-you-might-have-overlooked-997b0d933dbc#.ukhlhrqlw) we can use snapshot testing to get complete coverage.

You're verifying that each property change has the expected outcome in HTML.

The first time the test is run it generates a new snapshot. The **second** time it's checked against the snapshot.

**How Do I Update A Snapshot**

```
npm run test-update
```

**How do determine what a component does?**

There's a pattern you can follow

1. Look at the Component.propTypes section
  - This is essentially the API of the component
2. Look at the render function
3. Look at any helper functions
4. Ask one of the contributors :)

Commit message:

update readme to show new repo location

README.md, after:

🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧

## This Repo Has Been Moved To A Package Of [Buffer Publish](https://github.com/bufferapp/buffer-publish)

Buffer Components Package: https://github.com/bufferapp/buffer-publish/tree/master/packages/components

# Buffer Components

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bufferapp/buffer-components.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bufferapp/buffer-components)

A shared set of UI Components using React and CSS Modules.

Demo: https://bufferapp.github.io/buffer-components/

To use this in your project start at the [usage](#usage) section. If you'd like to add to this
library skip to [component development](#component-development).

## Usage

Install the package and save the exact version:

```sh
npm install @bufferapp/components -SE
```

Now in your code you can import a specific component:

```js
import Button from '@bufferapp/components/Button';
```

### Requirements

For the component library you're required to use a few plugins and a valid Webpack config.

First, you'll need React installed (0.14 or newer):

```sh
npm i react react-dom -SE
```

In addition to your Babel configuration (not documented), you'll need the style-loader Webpack plugin:

```sh
npm i style-loader -SDE
```

Your Webpack config should use the proper config, here is an example:

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    loaders: [
      {
        test: /\.css$/,
        loaders: [
          'style-loader',
        ],
      },
    ],
  },
};
```


## Component Development

- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Test](#test)
- [Component Anatomy](#component-anatomy)
- [FAQ](#faq)

## Quick Start

Install Node Modules

```sh
npm i
```

Start React Storybook

```sh
npm start
```

Open http://localhost:9001

## Test

Run Linter And Test

```sh
npm run test
```

Run Test and watch for changes

```sh
npm run test-watch
```

Update Test Snapshots

```sh
npm run test-update
```

Note: only commit these if you have manually inspected them with a story

## Component Anatomy

```
src/ # root
+-- MyComponent/ # component root
  `-- index.js # component display logic
  `-- story.js # storybook entry
```

## Versioning

```
major.minor.patch
```

### Considered patch release

Can upgrade without changes to the codebase

- Add a component
- Add a new prop to a component

### Considered minor release

An upgrade would require a code change to work

- Remove a component
- Remove a prop

### Considered major release

- Major milestone achieved (i.e a complete set of components)
- Complete re-skinning of components
- Up for debate

## FAQ

**What is a component**

In the current implementation components are all [functional and stateless](https://medium.com/@housecor/react-stateless-functional-components-nine-wins-you-might-have-overlooked-997b0d933dbc#.ukhlhrqlw).

This means that UI is a function of state since we're using pure functions to build our views.

```
UI = f(state)
```

**How do I determine the scope of a component**

This is a tough question, it really depends. But as a general rule, a component should be simple enough to be reusable across multiple applications and be not much longer than 150 lines of code. This is a good one to seek advice if you're not sure.

**What's the development workflow look like?**

Note: this is *a way* to do this, but not necessarily *the way* to build components. For this workflow let's create a component called `NewComponent`.

1. Create a branch with the name of the new component

Note: also make sure you're up to date

```
git checkout master
git pull -r
git checkout -b task/add-newcomponent
```

2. Install dependencies and start the storybook

```
npm i && npm start
```

open http://localhost:9001 in your browser

3. Create a `NewComponent` folder under `src` (see [Component Anatomy](#component-anatomy))
```
src/
+-- NewComponent/
```

4. Create a story for the `NewComponent`

```
src/
+-- NewComponent/
 `-- story.js
```

populate **story.js** with a default story

```js
// story.js
import React from 'react';
import { storiesOf } from '@storybook/react';
import NewComponent from './index';

storiesOf('Card')
  .add('Default', () => (
    <NewComponent />
  ));
```

Now when you look at Storybook you should see a broken story (red screen)

5. Implement your component

```
src/
+-- NewComponent/
 `-- story.js
 `-- index.js
```

populate **index.js** with the new component

```js
import React from 'react';
import { calculateStyles } from '../lib/utils';

const NewComponent = ({ hovered }) =>
  <div
    style={calculateStyles({
      default:{
        background: 'green',
      },
      hovered: {
        background: 'red',
      }
    },{
      hovered, // key matches above style key and is activated when value is true
    })}
  >
    NewComponent
  </div>;

export default NewComponent;
```

6. Run the test for the first time

It's important to note that this creates a snapshot of the component. All tests ran in the future will be tested against this snapshot to ensure they haven't changed.

```sh
npm t
```

7. Commit it!

```sh
git add .
git commit -m "Add NewComponent"
git push -u origin task/add-newcomponent
```

At this point it's a good idea to generate a PR on github :)

**How do I write tests for a component?**

This automatically happens when you write stories. They are tested with jest snapshots under the hood.

Since components are [functional and stateless](https://medium.com/@housecor/react-stateless-functional-components-nine-wins-you-might-have-overlooked-997b0d933dbc#.ukhlhrqlw) we can use snapshot testing to get complete coverage.

You're verifying that each property change has the expected outcome in HTML.

The first time the test is run it generates a new snapshot. The **second** time it's checked against the snapshot.

**How Do I Update A Snapshot**

```
npm run test-update
```

**How do determine what a component does?**

There's a pattern you can follow

1. Look at the Component.propTypes section
  - This is essentially the API of the component
2. Look at the render function
3. Look at any helper functions
4. Ask one of the contributors :)
